.nh
.TH "EC-VALIDATE-PIPELINE" "1" "Jul 2022" "" ""

.SH NAME
.PP
ec-validate-pipeline - Validates a pipeline file


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBec validate pipeline [flags]\fP


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
This command validates one or more Tekton Pipeline definition files.Definition
files can be either YAML or JSON format. Multiple definition files can be
specified by providing a comma seperated list, ensuring no spaces, or by
repeating the '--pipeline-file' flag.

.PP
The git repository, from which the policies should be checked out, can be
specified as can a specific branch. If policies are not contained in the
standard 'policy' subdirectory, the appropriate subdirectory within the
repository can be specified.

.PP
The namespace of policies can be specified as well, by use of the
'--namespace' flag.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB--branch\fP="main"
	Branch to use.

.PP
\fB-h\fP, \fB--help\fP[=false]
	help for pipeline

.PP
\fB--namespace\fP="pipeline.main"
	Namespace of policy to validate against

.PP
\fB-p\fP, \fB--pipeline-file\fP=[]
	REQUIRED - The path to the pipeline file to validate. Can be JSON or YAML

.PP
\fB--policy-dir\fP="policy"
	Subdirectory containing policies, if not in default 'policy' subdirectory.

.PP
\fB--policy-repo\fP="https://github.com/hacbs-contract/ec-policies.git"
	Git repo containing policies.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB--debug\fP[=false]
	same as verbose but also show function names and line numbers

.PP
\fB--quiet\fP[=false]
	less verbose output

.PP
\fB--verbose\fP[=false]
	more verbose output


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
ec validate pipeline --pipeline-file /path/to/pipeline.file
ec validate pipeline --pipeline-file /path/to/pipeline.file,/path/to/other-pipeline.file
ec validate pipeline --pipeline-file /path/to/pipeline.file --pipeline-file /path/to/other-pipeline.file
ec validate pipeline --pipeline-file /path/to/pipeline.file --policy-repo https://example.com/user/repo.git
ec validate pipeline --pipeline-file /path/to/pipeline.file --branch foo
ec validate pipeline --pipeline-file /path/to/pipeline.file --policy-dir policies
ec validate pipeline --pipeline-file /path/to/pipeline.file --namespace pipeline.basic


.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBec-validate(1)\fP
